Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
-  Clara. hi.
-  Greg.
Hi. oh!
-  How are ya?
-  Oh. oh.
nice to meet you.
-  Yeah. you too.
-  Okay?
- Yeah. let's go.
So she ends it with
everyone except one guy.
probably as emotionally
immature as she is.
But that's her deal. I mean.
I'm sure they're happy.
just not very evolved.
I mean. not everyone can
process their jealousy
and ownership impulses.
but hey. that is me.
- Right. so like a
polyamory kinda deal?
Wow. I barely have time
for amory.
- Ethical non-monogamy. yeah.
- Mm. right. right.
And how many partners do
you have at the moment?
- Right now?
- Mm-hm.
- None right now. I'm resetting.
I've been busy. I'm
an entrepreneur.
- Yep. you already said that.
-  I was in IT.
- Apps.
-  Doing the apps.
- Yep.
-  Did I say that?
- Yeah. amazing. yeah.
- Hey.
- Mm?
- I don't have a lot of time.
- Same.
- So.
- Where do you wanna.
where should we?
- It's 8:30 in the morning.
- Well. you said eight.
and I'm fine with that.
- Yeah. for breakfast.
- You were quite
explicit in your texts.
Oh. shit.
Oh. fuck.
You're the wrong one.
- Must be.
-  Ah!
- It's okay. I've gotta
get to work. anyway. so.
It was very nice
to meet you. Greg.
- That was 10.50.
You're 50 cents short.
- Okay. sorry.
-  That's alright.
- 50 cents.
You want 50 cents. okay.
You know it's
really unattractive.
just for future reference.
- We're not even.
- Having sex?
- No.
- No. 'cause you're
not getting any
and you're not going
to by monologuing
for half an hour and
ordering like a child.
- I can't drink hot beverages!
- Well. that's a lot
of dairy before sex.
- I got heaps of sex.
- I'm sure you
do. but not today.
- Heaps.
- Oh. shit. I'm
gonna miss the bus.
I've gotta go. I've gotta go.
- I really have to go.
- No. no. no. not yet. not yet.
- Yeah?
Hey. stop. hey!
Fuck!
- Congratulations. 40 years!
- Oh. thank you.
- I've only been
married for three.
Hope we get there.
Okay. so. something really
special to mark the occasion.
- Yeah. so my wife has specific
needs. she's quite immobile.
- Great. great. we can do that.
- I mean. she's really
not terribly well.
I'm hoping a trip
might cheer her up.
- Perfect.
Oh. yes.
King Island.
- Ah.
- Senior Love Romantica.
It's a package designed
for senior lovers.
in the off-peak season.
It's all-inclusive.
five-star luxury.
day trips. spa treatments.
massages. facials.
therapeutics. horizon
pool. music. dancing.
- Oh. no. no. she can't dance.
- You don't have to.
you can sit at the bar.
listen to the band.
Plus there's a nurse
on-site in case there's.
- Okay. yeah. so how much?
- Including airfares. airport
transfers. that's 20K. total.
- Oh.
- No. no. that's very good
for the gold package.
- Yeah.
Ah. what other?
- There's gold.
silver or bronze.
- Right. how about
copper or tin. perhaps?
- No. no. there's
just the three.
-  Oh.
- I mean. especially
if you wanna spoil your wife.
I mean. she's obviously
had a rough run.
- Yeah.
What's the bronze?
- I'll talk you through
the silver. that's 18K.
- Bronze. thank you.
Really. I'm happy to
straight to the bronze.
- Okay.
Well. you lose the
French champagne.
the helicopter sightseeing.
water aerobics.
The travel insurance
is also not included.
that's the 15K package.
- Okay.
Yep.
Yes. yes.
No. that's fine.
- Wonderful.
You will have the
time of your life.
-  Okay.
- On the bronze
package.
-  All right.
nice deep breaths for us.
You're gonna feel some pressure
on your throat from Sasha.
that's nothing to worry about.
We're gonna take great
care of you. Phillip.
Deep breath. that's it.
And cricoid on. we're
asleep. probably.
Let's risk it.
-  Why not?
-  I'm feeling lucky.
I'm done.
- You say that
every three months.
- This is the last time.
- Maybe if you gave
someone a proper go.
- He licked the spoon while
talking about being evolved.
and he didn't get
any of my jokes.
- Okay. well clearly
not him. then.
- I just want one!
One grown-up man.
I don't want more random sex.
- I'll take it.
- It's exhausting.
I'm talking to like
seven people at once.
I've gotten sick of
my own small talk.
I've started using your
stories to mix it up.
- Mine?
-  Yeah.
- Well. that's not gonna work.
they probably have
a lesbian vibe.
- Oh. I don't want to date
children. I wanna have one.
- Well. you can have mine
anytime. not to date.
Don't date my kid.
- The whole thing
you've got is over.
- What. kids and watching TV?
I mean. they can't
all be polyamorous.
Who's got the time?
- I don't know. but apparently
if you're single at this age.
it's just weirdos and hook-ups.
- Sarah in Maternity just
married the guy she met online.
- Have you met him?
- No.
- Ugh.
Phillip agrees with me.
The men online are shit.
- Are they?
Are they all shit?
Or are you just a little
bit quick to judge?
- Oh!
- Do you remember that
guy that you got rid of
because he asked you
if you went to the gym?
-  I hate the gym. so
that was never going to work.
- Oh. yeah. how dare he ask?
He was probably just
making conversation.
- Badly.
- Could have been
your soul mate.
- I think I'm just gonna
do the sperm donor thing.
- Yeah. sure you can.
But. I just think you're
gonna meet someone.
- Where?
- Mum.
Mummy.
- Definitely not here.
-  I
mean. he's a catch.
Loves his mum.
Phillip. are you single?
- Excuse me.
I beg your pardon.
You wouldn't have a
nice Moselle. would you?
I'm not sure if they're
still popular. or.
- Wait there. I'll check.
- Okay.
- Glen.
Oh.
Glen.
- Judith.
Hello.
- How is she?
- Christine?
Oh. good. good.
You know. she.
- All this. on top
of the diabetes.
- Mm.
- And how are you?
Can't be easy.
- No. well. I'm not the
one in pain. Judith.
- Oh. she's still in pain?
Chronic?
You know. Merah Singh's
husband had the stomach cancer.
He took his own life.
Depression from the
pain. apparently.
I mean. he was terminal. but
I was thinking of Christine.
- Well. she's not terminal. so.
- Oh. no. of course not.
But the pain and the
trauma of the accident.
I mean. you're probably
all still traumatized.
nearly losing her.
- Well. we didn't.
so no. we're fine.
We're fine. thank you.
I mean. maybe you could. you
know. she'd love a visit.
- No. we didn't wanna intrude.
- Yeah. or perhaps a phone call?
- Yes. I must give her a ring.
- Yeah.
Okay. it was lovely to see you.
I'm sorry. I have to
find the assistant.
Okay.
- You too.
- Bye-bye. bye. Judith.
- And I'll pop a Christine
on the prayers for
the needy list.
- Oh. thank you. okay.
Bye-bye now.
- I did that for Mr
Singh when he suicided
and it gave Merah great comfort.
- Okay. bye now.
Judith. bye-bye!
- Where's he gone?
Oh. excuse me!
Found some Moselle.
- Oh. dear.
- Oh. sorry. sorry.
Yeah. no. that one. thank you.
- Take care of yourself. Glen.
- Okay. bye-bye now.
Bye. Judith.
-  How did
you miss the bus?
Well. it was going
when I actually got.
- No. how did you not?
Seriously. for the
one ethical law firm
in the country you.
What. you slept in?
- No. I was awake.
- Then how did you?
- We were.
You know.
- Oh. wow.
- And I snoozed the alarm
and I lost track of time.
- Wow.
- And I was trying to leave but.
- That's fucked.
- No. it doesn't matter. OK?
I mean. I've got
an interview with.
- What is wrong with you?
- Taylor McKenzie.
- Does she now know how
important clerkships are?
- No. it's not her fault.
- I know that.
You. what. you just
can't drag yourself away?
- No. she's just.
No. I can't. OK.
But when I'm there. it's hectic.
OK. I mean. I fucking. I
fucking love her. I just.
- OK. you know what
this is. right?
- What?
- Chemicals.
Dopamine and oxytocin
flooding the brain.
- Ugh!
- Which creates this like
addictive dependence.
- OK. please don't
brain chemistry me. OK?
It's called love.
- OK.
- You're so brutal.
- You are.
Or does she not care
that you miss her gigs?
- Hey. I've gotta study. OK?
We're not all Uni medalists.
- Shut up.
Fine. I'm probably gonna hook up
with that waitress
tonight anyway. so.
- Aww!
- I would have ignored you.
Bye.
- Enjoy the dopamine!
- You know. I had to
go to three stores.
Maybe people don't use
fresh spices anymore.
too labor intensive.
Oh. guess who I saw?
Judith.
My God. she's a strange woman.
She was eager to know
just how poorly you were.
She's been very
concerned. apparently.
I don't know. she's had two
years to give you a call.
Anyway. she's making
sure you're included
in the prayers for the
needy. so. very helpful.
Mm.
Mm!
OK. nearly ready.
You hungry?
Christine?
Chris?
- Mm?
- You fell asleep.
- Oh. oh.
- The kids'll be here soon.
we better get you dressed. eh?
- Mm. yeah.
- Here you go.
- Oh.
- OK.
Alright.
- Ah.
- You ready. ready?
One. two. three. hup!
You OK?
I got you. I got you.
- I just. ah. ah.
I think we should
talk about home care.
Come on. don't be silly. I can.
- No. because I'm.
- I can manage. I can manage.
- I'm getting too heavy.
- No. you're not.
You're not. you're not.
Which dress do you want?
- Oh. I don't know.
- What about that
one Clara bought you
for Christmas that time?
- You know. it'll be too tight.
- No. it won't.
It's nice and flowy
when it's on. isn't it?
- Well. maybe last time I
wore it. but I'm too fat now.
- Oh. come on.
don't be ridiculous.
- Oh. I've been sitting
for nearly two years.
I've lost a lot of muscle tone.
- Don't be so hard on yourself.
Come on. you're a
beautiful woman.
You're just as beautiful as
you were when I first met you.
- Oh. rubbish.
- Well. shall we
try it on anyway?
OK. now light or dark?
Lippy.
- Dark.
- OK. hold still.
- No. no. put the
dress on first.
- No. OK. sorry. but.
All right. pucker up.
there you go and top ah.
There.
Look OK?
Look alright?
OK. let's get this off. arm up.
And this one. I'll
do this one. ah.
Sorry. there you go.
There you go.
- Yeah.
- Alright. let's
get it up the back.
Sorry. it's stuck under you. OK.
- Ow. ow!
- Sorry. sorry.
Sorry. sweetie.
- Are you trying
to suffocate me?
- Sorry. sorry.
- For God's sake!
I'm stuck. I can't.
- OK. OK. I'm sorry.
- Ow!
- Sorry. sorry. darling.
- Jesus.
- I'm sorry.
It's OK. it's OK. it's OK.
You're OK. you're OK.
- God!
- You're OK. you're OK.
Now. let's get this
dress on you. hey?
- 20 minutes late?
Why didn't you just order a car?
'Cause it was surging.
- OK.
- Well. they can
always reschedule.
I mean. that's
pretty unreasonable.
- Not unreasonable to expect
him to be on time. Mum.
Normal in a
professional setting.
- Well. he doesn't need
a lecture from you.
Thanks. love.
Can I have a look?
When's your next interview?
- It's a couple of weeks.
- You'll land that one.
- Mm-hm.
- Oh. is that a Rumi quote?
-  Mm-hmm.
- That's beautiful.
Isn't that thoughtful?
- Mm.
- What's this fork?
The prong's at a
45-degree angle!
How old is this set?
- Sorry. I'll get
you another one.
It's a wedding present.
- Oh. maybe time
to get new ones.
- It's romantic.
- It's cutlery.
- There you go.
- Less stabby. thank you.
- And I've got a very
special wine here.
- Oh. no. Dad.
mine's the other one.
- Ah.
Do you remember this?
- Oh.
- It's the one we
had at our wedding.
- Oh. no.
- I thought maybe we
could have a little toast.
- No. I've had a double
dose of pain meds.
- Oh.
- Mm.
- OK. we'll save it
for another time.
- You have it.
- No. no. I don't need to.
- I'll try it.
- Have a glass.
- No. sparkling
water will do me.
- No. no. no. no. water's fine.
I've got an exam tomorrow. so.
- Open book. though.
- Mm.
- That's really refreshing.
It's actually a
great little device
you got us. we should
use that more often.
- Have the wine.
- No. no. no. I'm
happy with this.
- Well. why are
you punishing me?
- Pardon?
- Well. you're not
the one on medication
so why won't you drink?
- Well. I don't need to.
- Well. you obviously want it.
Why else would you buy it?
I mean. you can celebrate.
- Well. we are celebrating.
- Yeah. why don't
I start the toast?
- If I wasn't here. if
I'd died in the accident.
you'd be able to drink. yeah?
- OK.
- Mum. do we have to talk about.
- Yes. because
denial doesn't help.
Doesn't help with the pain.
the incontinence. the UTIs.
- Oh. OK. can we just enjoy
this nice meal Dad's made?
- It's OK. it's fine. it's fine.
No.
- Drink it.
- All right. thank you. I will.
- Drink it!
No. drink it properly!
- Jesus. Mum.
- Right.
It's good.
It's slaty.
- Ella got a new regular gig.
- That's good.
- Yeah. she actually got this
cool new bar on Rose Street.
- Shall we have the main course?
- Absolutely.
Thank you.
- Hm I'm not done yet.
Mm.
Yum. Dad.
I've been eating way
too much cafeteria food.
- Yeah. we haven't
seen you for a while.
What've you been up to?
How've you been?
- Oh. with work. alright.
Haven't maimed anyone.
- Ha!
- Dad means have you
been seeing someone?
Is that why you
haven't been over?
- No. not really.
- Well. what does that mean?
- It means I've been on a
few bad dates. that's all.
- Oh. no one good
enough?
- No. it's not that.
Well. they have
all been weirdos.
- You're so picky.
-  I'd rather be
picky than have no standards.
- Well. it's time to
lower them I think.
I mean. you're hardly
perfect yourself. Clara.
so I don't know why you
expect other people to be.
- I know I'm not.
I don't expect.
- Do you know. you.
you are too old
to be mucking around like this.
You won't even be
able to have any ki.
If you want kids. you have
to stop all this nonsense
and just find some
reasonable fellow who.
- OK. thanks. reasonable.
yep. trying to do that.
- Well. you know what
I mean. someone decent.
You're not exactly easy
yourself. you know.
- Thank you. mum.
- OK. let's just.
- There are other ways
to have a baby these days.
- There is no perfect partner.
It's work. it's compromise.
it's disappointment.
- Oh. hear that Dad?
Nice.
Happy anniversary.
- Thank you. darling.
- Your generation
is so delusional.
thinking you can have
babies whenever you like.
however you like.
God. I mean. ha!
You're like those
stupid celebrities
in complete denial
about your age.
- Like you're in denial
about that dress?
- Oh. what?
- It's too tight.
it looks ridiculous.
- It looks fine.
- Can you take me
back to bed. please?
- Oh. come on!
- Chris. you've hardly
touched your food
and we've got a
beautiful dessert.
- Mum. don't. please.
- Yeah. no. I'm too tired.
- OK.
- Wow.
- Ready?
One.
- Dad.
- Two. three.
Dad. I can help.
- No. no. no. no.
- Would you let him help you?
- No. no. I've got you.
I've got you. I've got you.
- You're on fire tonight.
- Me?
She's the.
Poor Dad!
The thing with the
wine was sociopathic.
- She's in pain.
- Because she's
not doing the rehab
that she's supposed
to be doing. Aaron.
I've seen a lot
worse. by the way.
- You're such an asshole.
- Oh. fuck off.
Where are you going?
- To study.
- Great.
Perfect.
Well. this is nice!
Great family dinner.
- OK. one. two. three.
- Ah.
- Yeah. I've got you.
OK. you right. OK?
- Yeah.
- Thanks.
- I'll bring you
some sticky date?
- No.
Clara's right. I
look ridiculous.
- Come on. you can
have a little slice.
- No. please.
Doctor says the weight's bad
for my mobility. so.
- OK. OK.
You OK?
- Yeah.
- You comfy?
- Thanks. I am.
- And water?
- Thanks.
- OK.
You off?
- Oh. I cleared the plates.
you want me to do the dishes?
- Oh. no. no. no. no. no.
No. no. you go.
Don't mind
Mum. she's just tired.
- Yeah.
- Thanks for coming.
- Happy anniversary.
- Thank you. darling.
You drive safe. yeah?
Happy studying.
For your open book exam.
- Oh. get fucked.
Seriously. you need to!
- Fuck.
-  A gastronomic
and artistic treasures.
But now. we've come
to the beating heart
of the country. Rome.
- How exhausting.
-  It's a
2.000-year-old metropolis.
where past and present
collide. it's as unique for.
- Want a cup of tea?
- Sure.
- OK.
-  As it
is. for a food lover.
Today I'm gonna cook you a dish
that is really steep in history.
- Hello.
Again.
- Excuse me.
- Oh. oh. sorry.
Late dinner?
I'm kidding.
Although I used to have that
for dinner all the time.
Until I saw that
viral gelatine video.
You seen that?
Yeah. don't.
It's seriously off-putting.
But you know. I was an addict.
so it was useful to be put off.
But. I mean. you seem to
have a good relationship
with the snakes. you.
You've dropped some.
I just worry that
people put them back in.
you know. when they drop them.
Anyway.
Hey. mate.
-  Hey.
how're you doing?
- Good. yeah. I'll
just get these two.
-  Those two?
- Yeah.
- There's a two-for-one
deal on those.
You want another one?
- Oh. ah.
- Why not?
Go nuts.
That's what I say.
- Yeah. all right.
I'll get another one.
- Too easy.
That'll be $5.
- Alright. there you go.
- Beautiful. have
a good one. man.
- Yeah. thanks mate.
have a good night.
- You have a good night.
- You too.
- $5.
- Hm.
- And 20 cents. snakes.
- Hi again.
- Hi.
I'm not stalking you. um.
- Chaperoning.
- No. I live just there.
- I live there.
- Hm.
- Actually. could you just
wait there until I'm inside?
Just so I know that you're not.
Ugh. yeah. sorry. keep
going. I'm kidding.
- OK.
- Night!
- Yep.
- What?
Ah.
- Ah. the tea will be
a bit strong. sorry.
Are they at the Trevi Fountain?
Chris.
Christine?
Chris?
Christine. wake up. wake
up. wake up. wake up.
Chris. wake up.
Aaron. call an ambulance!
Christine?
Chris.
Christine!
Chris!
Chris. Chris!
Don't leave me. Chris!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm